# Setup Process:

1.  Restore the CarDealershipDB.bak file on the local machine.  I ended up using LocalDB\MSSQLLocalDB to setup the ConnectionString in the WebAPI project.

2.  Open the CarDealershipWebAPI Solution.  Rebuild and Restore NuGet Packages.

4.  Open the Command Prompt and navigate to the 'aya-bautista-car-dealership' folder

5.  Run the 'npm i' and 'ng serve --o' command to restore node_modeules and start the application.

6.  If you've changed the port that the WebAPI runs on, you'll need to update the rootURL variable in car.service.ts

# Pain Points:

1.  Setting up Development Environment took a lot longer than expected.  Previous jobs allowed us to take workstation home, which was already setup for employees.  Getting SQL Server / Management Studio took the longest to setup for my personal machine.  The best thing to do to save time would have probably been to not setup SQL Server at all, and just have In-Memory data based off the Code Project prompt.

2.  Ramping up on Angular when my previous experience was only with AngularJS.  I had to read through the documentation and refer to several guides to get familiar with developing for Angular.  Angular 7 being the target framework meant I had to search through older material to ramp up.

3.  Attempting to setup Dependency Injection on the WebApi Controller was really difficult, and I ended up running out of time.  I think I found a solution with Unity WebAPI, but I wasn't able to get it working before the deadline.  As a result, all of the data retrieval is happening in the controller, which I don't like at all.  If you check the structure of the WebAPI project, you can see that I have Services and Repositories setup, but unused.  With more time, I would probably be able to get things setup.

# Future Work:

1.  Finish implementing Dependency Injection for the WebApi Controller and move the bulk of the business logic into the CarService, and let the CarRepository handle retrieval of data.  The CarController should be really light-weight, but right now it's the heaviest part of the WebAPI.

2.  Create C# Unit Tests.  I spent way too much time trying to get the Dependency Injection working correctly for the WebApi Controller that I ended up neglecting Unit Tests because I couldn't get it hooked up properly.  

3.  Write proper Jasmine Tests.  The application structure was generated by the Angular CLI, which included spec.ts files, but I didn't have the time to go through and create tests for them.  I'd like to go back and ramp up on how to create the tests properly in Angular.

4.  Move the hard-coded rootURL value from car.service.ts over to a shared constants.ts file that's accessible to other services.  Right now, it's hard to expand the application because it's only specified in car.service.ts

5.  Update Front-End code to retrieve Vehicle Color options from the database rather than having it be a hard-coded value.

6.  From a User Experience level, I would like to rework the Grid so that it'll show all vehicles available rather than having the User play around with filters to figure out the car inventory.  It's a lot more friendlier that way.